hi I'm Claude Lemieux I'm chairman for
Graf Canada and I'm excited I'm here
today to talk about Graf talk about our
new design newly designed a stick line
for 2012 I have here one of our features
thick what we try to work on this year
is to get a stick that feels good a
stick that's got all the ingredients so
to speak we want a mid-shaft kick point
playing the game for a long time I
always look for a stick that would give
me a nice balance this is one of our
lower end stay as thick but a just a
great feel stick it's got a lot of pop
in it really exciting curves that we've
different models that we've put together
for our customers so we're really
excited we have our g7 e5 light that's
top-of-the-line 475 grand stick that we
feel is extremely competitive not just
at the price point but a stick that the
pros will will use I've been using it
myself
and frankly to the little confused I
looked at our lower end stick and tested
it out there and it felt just as good if
not better so in my playing days I
always prefer to stick there was a
little bit heavier so I can have better
feel receiving the passes and getting my
shot off a little bit quicker and you
would think when it's lighter that it's
going to be quicker but today testing
our new Cradock I'm excited about this
stick that I'm holding here it's the our
pattern 77 it's got a toe curve on it
and really exciting new product as well
we've redesigned our our glove line this
year creating a different thumb angle
over the years always played with a
glove that you kind of have to fold your
hand too
get into the glove what we've created
and designed this year is just a really
friendly glove some angle that you can
just sort of slip in so you don't really
have to fight with it once you get in
the glove you're already in position to
grabbing your stick feels really good
really thin palm that also offers you an
area here that adds a little bit for for
gripping extremely light and obviously
promotes our favorite green a graft
green interior very light that's got
plastic inserts throughout the glove
this is our our high-end glove the glove
that I'm using myself to talk about as
well our skate line we've completely
redesigned our skates this year we're
we're very proud and excited about our G
75 our top-end skate we're seeing a lot
of pros right now using our new skate as
well at the youth level so a lot of fun
stuff a lot of new a lot of new products
for 2012 would graph I'm very involved
obviously being the chairman at a
company but as well involved with the
design and the making of the the changes
that we've made this year so we want our
customers to be just as excited as we
are about what's happening with graph
and we look forward to seeing our
product growing on the ice at the NHL
level in the junior level the youth
level we really work really hard to
include new features new curves for the
youngsters we get a great youth line as
well both with the skate different price
point with our sticks with our glove so
we're excited and wanted to share the
news with you guys so let's have a great
year on the ice we're graph